pkg:pypi/whitenoise@4.1.2: 1 known vulnerabilities
   Title:  [sonatype-2019-0335] CWE-22: Improper Limitation of a Pathname to a Restricted Directory ('Path Traversal')
   Score:  7.5
   CVE:    N/A
   Description:  whitenoise - Path Traversal

The software uses external input to construct a pathname that is intended to identify a file or directory that is located underneath a restricted parent directory, but the software does not properly neutralize special elements within the pathname that can cause the pathname to resolve to a location that is outside of the restricted directory.
pkg:pypi/ara@1.6.1: 0 known vulnerabilities
pkg:pypi/attrs@22.2.0: 0 known vulnerabilities
pkg:pypi/autopage@0.5.1: 0 known vulnerabilities
pkg:pypi/charset-normalizer@3.1.0: 0 known vulnerabilities
pkg:pypi/cliff@4.2.0: 0 known vulnerabilities
pkg:pypi/cmd2@2.4.3: 0 known vulnerabilities
pkg:pypi/django@3.2.18: 0 known vulnerabilities
pkg:pypi/django-cors-headers@3.14.0: 0 known vulnerabilities
pkg:pypi/django-filter@22.1: 0 known vulnerabilities
pkg:pypi/django-health-check@3.17.0: 0 known vulnerabilities
pkg:pypi/djangorestframework@3.14.0: 0 known vulnerabilities
pkg:pypi/dynaconf@3.1.12: 0 known vulnerabilities
pkg:pypi/pbr@5.11.1: 0 known vulnerabilities
pkg:pypi/prettytable@3.6.0: 0 known vulnerabilities
pkg:pypi/psycopg2@2.9.5: 0 known vulnerabilities
pkg:pypi/pyperclip@1.8.2: 0 known vulnerabilities
pkg:pypi/pyyaml@6.0: 0 known vulnerabilities
pkg:pypi/sqlparse@0.4.3: 0 known vulnerabilities
pkg:pypi/stevedore@5.0.0: 0 known vulnerabilities
pkg:pypi/tzdata@2022.7: 0 known vulnerabilities
pkg:pypi/wcwidth@0.2.6: 0 known vulnerabilities
pkg:pypi/whitenoise@6.4.0: 0 known vulnerabilities
